README.md, before:

#DataCenter 0 - The Smart Watch

##The Idea
This project started to build my own smart watch, why? Because I am tired to have objects builded for the mass, build with out thinking on reusability and always builded on closed source.
I was thinking to have something modular that can grow with my needs and can be usable forever.
One night I woke up and I was not able to sleep, my Idea was completely changing amplitude and WHY don't build a smart watch Open source that can be shaped from any one and be helpful at work and in any moment of a life of a person?

##Where to use
###DataCenter
If you working in a DataCenter you can enjoy this smart watch because you can build it for your Level 1 or Level 2 Technicians, for each one you can have different visualizations:
1. Monitoring the DataCenter: number of Servers Down
2. Give in real time tasks at each Technician and have in real time the situation of the task
3. Level 1 can visualize machines Down and Level 2 visualize Networks failures
4. Visualize tasks in order of job to do
5. Monitoring in Real Time critical temperatures in a Data Center 
6. etc, the opportunities are endlless
You can build it for every level of your organization and enjoy it.
###Development
It can help to monitoring in real time the code and deployment of the software version.
Monitor the pull or push of your GitHub project.
Monitor the pipe line of your project.
###Home
Monitoring your IoT appliances or your home servers or only show you the time and weather of the day. ;)

##Why enjoy it
Because it will be made from Open source and it will be entirely reusable and recyclable (no waste).
Use a Python 3 that can speed up the development of your own application in your own environment, don't waste time and money to build something that don't fit with you.

##Hardware
###Raspberry Pi Zero W
This smart watch is made around the Raspberry Pi Zero W, because is small, need less power and there are a lot Hats or modules that can be attached and used in many projects.
###Display
You can chose your own screen, from a LCD to a e-paper.
###Power Supply
A power supply already built for it or you can build your own.
###Sensors
Add all kind of sensors, by example in a DataCenter you can add a vibration motor to help workers to know the arrive of a news because there environment is noisy but for a Programmer you can switch it with an audio module.
At home you can enjoy with the add of a microfone to be able to give vocal command to your smart watch.

##Software
###Raspberry OS
Use of Linux distro Raspberry OS 32 bit that is Open source.
In the same time you can have a portable Desktop Computer on your wrist.
###Python 3
With Python 3 you can enjoy the simplicity to programming your own personalized monitoring smart watch.


Made with LOVE by a Global Citizen

Commit message:

added the V2 lib and modified the README file, ready to start code the main.py file

README.md, after:

#DataCenter 0 - The Smart Watch

##The Idea
This project started to build my own smart watch, why? Because I am tired to have objects builded for the mass, build with out thinking on reusability and always builded on closed source.
I was thinking to have something modular that can grow with my needs and can be usable forever.
One night I woke up and I was not able to sleep, my Idea was completely changing amplitude and WHY don't build a smart watch Open source that can be shaped from any one and be helpful at work and in any moment of a life of a person?

##Where to use
###DataCenter
If you working in a DataCenter you can enjoy this smart watch because you can build it for your Level 1 or Level 2 Technicians, for each one you can have different visualizations:
1. Monitoring the DataCenter: number of Servers Down
2. Give in real time tasks at each Technician and have in real time the situation of the task
3. Level 1 can visualize machines Down and Level 2 visualize Networks failures
4. Visualize tasks in order of job to do
5. Monitoring in Real Time critical temperatures in a Data Center 
6. etc, the opportunities are endlless
You can build it for every level of your organization and enjoy it.
###Development
It can help to monitoring in real time the code and deployment of the software version.
Monitor the pull or push of your GitHub project.
Monitor the pipe line of your project.
###Home
Monitoring your IoT appliances or your home servers or only show you the time and weather of the day. ;)

##Why enjoy it
Because it will be made from Open source and it will be entirely reusable and recyclable (no waste).
Use a Python 3 that can speed up the development of your own application in your own environment, don't waste time and money to build something that don't fit with you.

##Hardware
###Raspberry Pi Zero W
This smart watch is made around the Raspberry Pi Zero W, because is small, need less power and there are a lot Hats or modules that can be attached and used in many projects.
###Display
You can chose your own screen, from a LCD to a e-paper.
###Power Supply
A power supply already built for it or you can build your own.
###Sensors
Add all kind of sensors, by example in a DataCenter you can add a vibration motor to help workers to know the arrive of a news because there environment is noisy but for a Programmer you can switch it with an audio module.
At home you can enjoy with the add of a microfone to be able to give vocal command to your smart watch.

##Software
###Raspberry OS
Use of Linux distro Raspberry OS 32 bit that is Open source.
In the same time you can have a portable Desktop Computer on your wrist.
###Python 3
With Python 3 you can enjoy the simplicity to programming your own personalized monitoring smart watch.

##I am working on
I start this project with this:
Hardware
-Raspberry Pi Zero W (https://www.raspberrypi.org)
-Waveshare 2.13 inch e-paper HAT (https://www.waveshare.com/wiki/2.13inch_e-Paper_HAT)
Software
-Raspberry Pi OS (https://www.raspberrypi.org/software/) 32 bit version
-Python lib (https://github.com/waveshare/e-Paper)

##Raspberry Pi OS
I am connecting with my RPi by ssh. I disabled the GUI to start at the startup.


Made with LOVE by a Global Citizen
